Force port mapping (#3)
jolicode/pomdok: README.md

You'll need at least `tld` field and one project to have a valid configuration.

> For each "project" you have, you'll need atleast a `domain` and `port` fields. `port` field is optional and used to force a given port for your webserver.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For each "project" you have, you'll need at least a `domain` and `port` fields. `port` field is optional and used to force a given port for your webserver.
```
